we are actually going to stay on ear
we're going to go back to the United
Nations security Council where Riyad
Mansour is speaking the Palestinian
ambassador to the UN let's listen in
want to
express our
appreciation to
Algeria uh Guana and
Slovenia for convening this important
meeting
today and I want also to add to express
our appreciation to the
unanimous decision by the Arab group
yesterday requesting through our
representative the ambassador of Algeria
to ask for this meeting and those the
two other countries Guana and Slovenia
for joining in this
endeavor I want also
to uh
thank the two brief two
briefers from Ocha and save the
children Mr Raja
singam and Madame
sorto for their
briefings Madame President allow me to
address you today not only in Your
Capacity as diplomats preserving
representing your States but as parents
and
grandparents as daughters and sons as
members of families that you love and
cherish last night a Palestinian father
sat
powerless by the bedside of his twomon
old
baby watching him die slowly of
hunger after searching for hours and
days for baby formula in Northern Gaza
to no
avail a mother had to leave her children
in their home for their safety while she
went out to try and find
flower she heard a loud bombardment as
she reached the streets
Corner rushed back with no flower only
to find her home destroyed and her kids
killed we speak of this terrifying
assault against life in Gaza in days and
months 180
days 6
months but parents calculate in
hours agonize in minutes and
seconds and they wonder how much longer
longer will they have to
wait how much longer can they preserve
shreds of life before them
too they are torn
apart to how many children will they
have to bid an eternal
farewell or how many children will they
leave behind if they are to
perish Israel has destroyed the
homes killed entire
families displaced the entire
population demolished the
hospitals and made every effort to
ensure to help could re to to to ensure
no help could reach our
people it is killing those who
heal those who rescue those who provide
Aid and
relief those who feed those who
report being a
Palestinian is enough to be
killed trying to help to help
Palestinians like this Brave woman and
their
organization is enough to be
killed you saw it over two weeks in a
shefer hospital
where Israel summerly executed
people arrested and tortured them
including the wounded and the sick and
medical
personnel without feeling the need to
provide much
explanation or any
evidence it then burned down the most
important Hospital in the entire Gaza
Strip continue ing to bring the health
system to its needes at the time it is
most needed to save
lives we present our deepest
condolences to the families of medical
personnel of rescue teams me
members and of over 2008 workers who
have been killed and express our
admiration to all the
humanitarians who are pursuing their
sacred Mission at the Peril of their
lives they should not be abandoned but
rather supported and
protected the killing of the aid workers
from the world Central Kitchen is not an
isolated
incident it is confirmation of what you
are all knew for months
now Israel is targeting those that the
laws of war were established to
protect Israel knew very well who it was
targeting hitting three cars in three
locations despite the fact that they
were
identifiable and had coord coordinated
with Israel the delivery of aid
it says it suspected one person so it
killed
many never mind
distinction
precautions
proportionality protected status never
mind human
decency it is unfortunate that it took
the killing of foreign Nationals for
some to fully acknowledge the fa
reserved to Palestinians for 180 days
now as the world Central Kitchen CEO
eloquently said and I quote this is not
only an attack against
wck this is an attack on humanitarian
organizations showing up in the most
dire of situations where food is being
used as a weapon of War this is
unforgivable end of
quotation it is even more unforgivable
that Israel as occupying power is the
one with responsibility in ensuring that
the civilian population is not harmed or
starved and instead it is not only
inflicting such harm and starvation but
also killing those trying to alleviate
them for Israel the entire civilian
population and any one helping them and
the ENT the entire civilian
infrastructures are legitimate targets
it's enough to call them quote unquote
collateral damage Express grief and move
on to committing the next
crime Israel basist ly argued that the
problem was in the organization
delivering life-saving humanitarian
assistance on Rua whose role is
fundamental and who is doing heroic work
on the
ground now even the
NGS who have worked in the worst
possible
circumstances around the world are
saying they cannot operate in Gaza
because of the environment created by
Israel Madame
President Israel while killing with its
bombs and Bullets Over 32,000
Palestinians and Ming over 72,000
Palestinians have also made sure to
create a man-made famine the worst of
its kind affecting over 2 million people
besieged and starved with tons of
assistance by a few kilometers
away who can still speak of shared
values with Israel that is committing
such crimes without being Devo devoured
by
shame this Council finally demanded an
immediate ceasefire leading to a lasting
and sustainable
ceasefire Israel ignored this
demand resolution
2728 must be
implemented it is the responsibility of
this Council and all states to ensure
that it is
upheld the icj ordered Israel twice in
the last two months to undertake
measures to prevent the real and
imminent threat of
genocide including
to take all necessary and effective
measures to ensure without delay in full
cooperation with the United Nations the
unhindered provision at scale of
urgently needed basic services and
humanitarian assistance to Palestinians
throughout
Gaza but Israel breached the
order
the problem is not that the council
adopted resolutions or that the icj
ordered provisional measures or that
Humanity has elaborated the rules that
led the UN bodies to adopt these
positions and which should be
observed the problem is that Israel can
violate these rules demands and orders
in full
impunity no one should arm or
Shield those committing
atrocities no
one no
country should arm or Shield those
committing
atrocities they must be held accountable
or these crimes will
continue faced with such outrage for its
attack attack on foreign Nationals from
the world Central Kitchen Israel took
its first
measures dismissing two senior officers
and reprimanding three
others that is the punishment for the
commission of war
crimes that is
outrageous and who will be held
accountable for all the tens of
thousands thousand of Palestinian
civilians
killed Is Our Lives not
worthy of holding accountable those who
murder us and kill us in large
numbers Madame
President history will remember that
Israel continued to be
present Within These Walls while trying
to bring down the UN
and the international law-based order
this organization this organization
stands
for destroying and displacing an entire
people and denying their right to
existence and their
state
unchecked and
unhinged while the state of Palestine
committed to the rule of international
law and to the just and Lasting peace
has has yet to become a member of these
United
Nations this is only one more Injustice
to which our people is being subjected
to one more
contradictions between the clarity of
the statements and ambiguity of certain
actions there are no
nuances no ifs and
buts no justification ations for what
Israel is doing
none let me repeat there are no nuances
no ifs and buts no
justification of what Israel is doing
none and there is no justification for
the continued denial of our right to
self-determination and to freedom and
dignity in our
land we knew you will you all knew what
was coming 6 months
ago we knew and you knew Israel would
resort to mass and indiscriminate
killing to total Destruction and
Devastation and that the famine was on
the way this genocide was announced by
Israeli
leaders it was perpetrated in broad
daylight
right it was
displayed in your own
screens it was discussed in your
meetings many of you were mobilized to
stop it but there are still tools that
were not used not even
considered one day as for other
genocides a lot will be said about these
failures
but we cannot
wait action is needed now at every level
with every means
possible I Call On You individually and
col collectively to do more now to
figure out a way to stop these
massacres and this PR pre pre mediated
meditated killing of children and women
and men
I call on you to bring immediate relief
to desperate parents who have witnessed
what no parent should endure and
children who have suffered what no
children should
suffer for
260,000 minutes
now for
260,000 minutes now our fa failures mean
their
death that should be reason enough for
us to do everything in our power to
bring this tragedy to an
end thank you Madame
President I thank